
Comments by R. Michaels, 1 June 2009
------------------------------------

When we added PVDIS variables we realized the PVDIS
scalers are behind the rest of the DAQ by 1 event.
The reason: When a trigger supervisor (TS) trigger
comes, it is slightly before a LNE (load next event)
used to load the scaler data for PVDIS.  Hence when
the readout code is executed and flushes the FIFO
of the scaler, it reads the previous event data.
I claim the gating for PVDIS scalers is precise
but was not precise for the rest of HAPPEX DAQ.
I'll post an explanation with graphs in the HAPLOG
at some point.  The synch of the two datastreams
is controlled with a variable
VaEvent::fPvdisPhaseShift 
which is set =0 by default.
We need to make this variable controlled by the
database file ... to be done.


Comments by R. Holmes, 16 Jun 2004
----------------------------------

On the application of corrections: lots of things to improve, but at
the most basic level: (1) Needs to be made to work with dithering.
But I'd like to see the dither and regression results files made more
compatible first.  (2) It's hard to read all the needed coefficients
in a single pass through the results file; it's easier to reopen it
for each coefficient needed.  This produces multiple messages on
screen which are not very helpful.  I tried using seekg to eliminate
the need to close and reopen the file but could not get it to work the
way I thought it would.  (3) Right now only det1 and det3 are
corrected; need to do others too, once things are working well
enough.  (4) Last but not least, a quick look at results for one run
seems to indicate no narrowing of the detector widths after
correction, so I suspect corrections are being either computed wrong
or applied wrong.  Probably the latter.


Comments by R. Michaels, 14 May 2004
------------------------------------

Why don't we fEvtree->Write() in TaRun::Finish() ?
I don't get it.  It was absolutely necessary for
fEpicsTree; perhaps fEvtree is only partially written.
I leave it a question for now.

Do we need TaPanamLinkDef.hh now ?


Comments by R. Holmes, 14 Jan 2003
----------------------------------

Some leftover issues relating to the results database files,
specifically relating to the CRC checksum for the analysis control
database : 

First, I'd like to write the checksum to the ROOT file, but I'm not
sure how best to do it.  So it's not done yet.

Second, the checksum (arguably, anyway) should reflect the database
actually used, i.e. with the command line overrides applied; it
doesn't.  And the checksum is not computed if the database comes from
a ROOT file.  (Once I figure out how to write the checksum to the ROOT
file, it'll be straightforward to fix this latter issue by just
reading it back and using that.)

All the above may be a lot of hooha over nothing, if the checksum is
never actually found to be useful.  The idea is that we can avoid
having to wonder what database was used to produce a particular set of
results. 


Comments by R. Michaels, Oct 21, 2002
-------------------------------------

The Mysql Perl script must still be developed.  The deadline
is Christmas 2002.  We will make the start-of-run write automatic
database files, as well as automatically update the Mysql database.
Some of the variables must be retrieved from the "Green Monstor"
(our control software for setting up VME parameters).

We probably should delete the entire ./pandb directory tree,
or substantially reduce it.  I think the only useful thing 
there now is the perl script. (?)

When you "Put()" data to database, the output file is in a funny
order because STL map reshuffles things.  Not a big deal.


Comments by R. Holmes, 20 Aug 2002
----------------------------------

(1) In places we have various devices hard-coded into Pan.  For
instance, BCM1 is used for beam cuts and for feedback (and I'm working
on a mod to VaAnalysis that provides for normalized asymmetries, again
using BCM1), BPM4B is used for position feedback.  I'd like to be able
to select these in the database instead.  Probably it's best to be
able to select the feedback BCM separately from the beam cuts and
normalization BCM (or even all three separately, though that might be
over the top).  Comments?  Bob, could you put this into the database
class?
  
(2) In TaAsciiDB there's a Bool_t data member called didinit which
seemingly is being used by different methods to mean different things.
Load(runnumber) sets didinit just before returning, and routines like
GetDacNoise(...), GetAdcPed(...), and GetScalPed(...) check it,
apparently to find out if the database has been loaded or not.  But
InitDB() also sets it, and LoadTable(...) and InitDataMap() apparently
check it to find out if the database has been initialized or not.
(These are called by Load(), so they certainly can't be checking to
see if it's loaded or not.)  As far as I know this doesn't cause any
actual misbehavior, but I see it as a source of potential confusion.

In particular, any routine that needs the database initialized doesn't
need to complain and return an error if didinit is false; it could just
call InitDB().  But if it needs the database loaded, it can't call
Load(runnumber) because it doesn't know the run number.  I think I know
which methods need which prerequisite, but due to this "overload" of
didinit I'm not 100 percent certain. (Actually
TaAsciiDB::Load(runnumber) doesn't need the run number any more, because
all it used it for was to construct the database file name, and that's
now handled by the TaFileName methods; but TaMysql::Load(runnumber)
presumably does need the run number.)

(3) Bug in TaAsciiDB (and in TaMysql): The following statement is
needed in DataMapReStart:

    firstiter = kTRUE;

Otherwise when one tries to cycle through the datamap a second or later
time, one does not get the first datamap entry, which happens to be the
first ADC defined.

I won't bother committing this since I know Bob is working on these
classes, probably putting DataMapReStart into VaDatabase, and it might
as well be committed with the rest of his changes.  You can patch your
copy for now and get it working.


Comments by R. Michaels, 23 July 2002
-------------------------------------

After the round of changes to incorporate scalers as alternatives
to ADCs (see the ChangeLog for details), we have the following issues
to fix:

1. TaMysql is broken.  To the extent possible, both it and TaAsciiDB
   classes should use inheritance to minimize the pain of changing the code.
   (That's what C++ is supposed to do !!)

2. scaler calibration needs to be done correctly in TaEvent::Decode

3. Perl script to generate DevTypes.hh is desirable.


Comments by R. Holmes, 16 Apr 2002
----------------------------------

I tried to put in deletes for everything we new in TaRun.cc.  But
there's some weirdness if I try to delete fEvtree.  If I have this
code in Uncreate():

  delete fEvtree;
  delete fCoda;
  delete fEvent;
  delete fDataBase;
  delete fDevices;
  delete fCutList;
  delete fESliceStats;
  delete fERunStats;
  delete fPSliceStats;
  delete fPRunStats;

then it hangs in delete fEvent.  If I comment out delete fEvent then
it hangs in delete fDataBase (I think, or perhaps one of the later
deletes).  But if I comment out delete fEvtree there's no hang.  I
have the feeling I've seen behavior like this before -- thought maybe
it was because I was trying to delete the same allocation twice, but
I've looked into it and I don't think I am.  Strange.

For now, I comment out delete fEvtree.

TaAsciiDB needs fixes to delete its allocations.


